Extend pipelinerun to be able to select networkpolicy (#160)
SAP/stewardci-core: docs/backend-api/README.md

| `spec.args` | (object,optional) The parameters to pass to the pipeline, as key-value pairs of type string. |
| `spec.secrets` | (array of string,optional) The list of secrets to be made available to the pipeline execution. Each entry in the list is the name of a Kubernetes `v1/Secret` resource object in the same namespace as the PipelineRun object itself. See [docs/secrets/Secrets.md](../secrets/Secrets.md) for details. |
| `spec.imagePullSecrets` | (array of string,optional) The list of image pull secrets required by the pipeline run to pull images of custom containers from private registries. Each entry in the list is the name of a Kubernetes `v1/Secret` resource object of type `kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson` in the same namespace as the PipelineRun object itself. See [docs/secrets/Secrets.md](../secrets/Secrets.md) for details. |

> | `spec.profiles` | (object, optional) Profile settings for the pipeline run. |
> | `spec.profiles.network` | (string, optional) Select which network profile should be used. An entry with the network policy must be defined in `pipelineRuns.networkPolicies` in the [values.yaml](../../charts/steward/values.yaml). If this parameter is not set the default network policy defined in [pipelineruns-default-networkpolicy.yaml] will be used. |

Reviewer: This is the Steward API specification document. Don't refer to Helm chart documentation here.

```suggestion
| `spec.profiles` | (object, optional) The selection of configuration profiles for various aspects that should be applied for the pipeline run (see below). |
| `spec.profiles.network` | (string, optional) The name of the network profile to be used for the pipeline run.<br/><br/>Network profiles currently define the network policy for the pipeline run sandbox. In the future this might be extended to other network-related settings.<br/><br/>Network profiles are configured for each Steward installation individually. Ask the Steward administrator for possible values. For vanilla Steward installations there's one network profile called `default`.<br/><br/>If not set or empty, a default network profile will be used. |
```

| --------- | ----------- |
| `status.startedAt` | (time,optional) The time the pipeline run has been started at. It gets set on start and remains unchanged for the object's remaining lifetime. |
| `status.finishedAt` | (time,optional) The time the pipeline run has been finished at. It gets set when finished (`status.result` is also set) and remains unchanged for the object's remaining lifetime. |

> | `status.result` | (string,optional) The result code of the pipeline run as single-word string. </br>Possible values are: <li>`success`: The pipeline run was processed successfully</li><li>`error_infra`: The pipeline run failed due to an infrastructure problem including server-side configuration errors</li><li> `error_config`: The pipeline run failed due to a client-side configuration error</li><li>  `error_content`: The pipeline run failed due to an content problem</li><li> `aborted`: The pipeline run has been aborted</li><li> `timeout`: The pipeline run timed out</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `status.result` | (string,optional) The result code of the pipeline run as single-word string.<br/><br/> Possible values are:<ul><li>`success`: The pipeline run was processed successfully.</li><li>`error_infra`: The pipeline run failed due to an infrastructure problem.</li><li>`error_config`: The pipeline run failed due to a client-side configuration error in the `spec` section.</li><li>`error_content`: The pipeline run failed due to a content problem, or the cause of the failure could not be detected as an infrastructure problem (e.g. a network glitch breaking a pipeline step).</li><li>`aborted`: The pipeline run has been aborted.</li><li>`timeout`: The pipeline run exceeded the maximum execution time.</li></ul> |
```

[k8s_api_conventions]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md
[k8s_api_conventions_conditions]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#typical-status-properties
[k8s_design_principles]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/architecture/principles.md

> 
> [pipelineruns-default-networkpolicy.yaml]: ../../charts/steward/data/pipelineruns-default-networkpolicy.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
